Yes, I would recommend EPFL to future interns. Working at EPFL helped me to observe a very good academic 
environment. Seeing PhD students and post-docs helped me to decide if I want to pursue my career in 
academia or in business.
My supervisor, my lab admin and other lab members were always so helpful, interested in me and they 
organized many events both educational and fun for us.
Besides my project, I got the chance to join other seminars and conferences with my lab where I can talk 
to professors and enlarge my network. 
I will definitely apply for my masters degree too. 

First, do not hesitate to ask questions and speak up. I was always a bit afraid to ask questions in 
lectures, and I usually use the advantage of someone asking the same question I had. However, I was on 
my own, had to make some design choices. Even though I search and try to learn by myself, I still need 
to ask and get opinions. Once I spent 4-5 days just to learn what tool I should use to do a specific task, 
however my supervisor already knew it. It was good for me to do research but sometimes it is more efficient 
to ask first.
Another important point is being self-planned. During my internship, my supervisor has not given me any 
deadlines although I ask for them. I have always worked with deadlines for my assignments, homeworks and 
exams. However, this time I did not have them and it was hard for me to adapt and force myself to do 
more progress. Therefore, I understood the importance of making plans, saving notes each day about my 
progress and for future reference and putting deadlines for myself.

Before I start my internship, I did not have much idea about how PhD students work/study or how to work 
in a lab environment. During my internship, I got the chance to see all of these, workload of a PhD 
student, their projects and courses, their duties to the lab and to the university. 
After my observation, I decided that I am not ready for a PhD right after my bachelor graduation. 
Instead, I plan to do my masters first and decide on PhD later. And Switzerland universities are among 
my priorities now!